---
published: true
title: About Me
layout: page
permalink: hello
---
My dream when I was a kid was to become a war journalist. I'm 22 years old now and I still have this untameable drive to find truth that is beyond what is known at the surface. The unsolvable dilemma between entrepreneurship -- or better: the quest for autonomy and freedom -- and journalism won't disappear quickly. It's very likely I'll start my own media company one day.

I'm an autodidactic entrepreneur with a background in management, who turned himself into a full stack web developer. I call myself autodidactic, because I consider over 80% of the skills I master and the knowledge I have today result from learning outside the classroom (be it through taking online courses or working on my own projects). 

For the moment, I am working hard with my team on helping cities to tap into the collective intelligence of their citizens. CitizenLab is a citizensourcing platform on which citizens co-create their city. Have a look at [our website](http://citizenlab.co) to learn more. I get my hands dirty at the intersection of design, development and marketing. What they call product management nowadays, right?

My key areas of interest are co-creation, decentralisation, remote working, self-learning, product design, smart cities, online platforms, productivity and growth hacking. I am a digital nomad, who gets much of his inspiration from travelling to compelling countries such as Iran, Ethiopia, Israel and Palestine and Indonesia.

You can find me on Twitter [@WietseVR](http://twitter.com/wietsevr). 

Currently living in Tokyo, always up for a coffee to talk about startups, tech, design or journalism. :)