---
published: true
title: 2016: the Year of the Output
layout: post
categories: [general]
---
I have to face it. Whenever I have 5 minutes spare -- be it that I'm waiting for the elevator, hopping on the bus or going to the restroom for a quick job -- I take out my smartphone, desperately hoping to get a quick glimpse of what's happening in the world.

I don't consider this necessarily a bad thing. Thanks to the intelligent algorithms behind Facebook, Medium and Pocket, the information that is flooding me is more or less what I want to read. That's why I'm convinced that you have to set boundaries for yourself on how much information you daily want to absorb. 

As we spend as much time in a virtual world (online) as real-life world (offline) today, it's key to build your own interface online. In developer terms it would sound better:

> Pick the right stack!

## Films, books, articles, arts, impressions, information, experiences

What do they all have in common? 

They're **input**. 

I absolutely enjoy absorbing as much information as possible in order to expand my horizon, accumulate knowledge and get new insights. But at the end of 2015, I realised that I didn't do enough with these insights. 

## The Year of Output

That's why I set the goal for myself to convert my input into output. Not necessarily for others, but for myself. I want to keep it low-key. No barriers to write a quick recap about insights or do a little write-up about something's that top of mind. 

Producing more output will allow me to better connect the dots. It will also push me to put things in perspective and reflect on things I learned from that ever-dominating input. 

So, **2016 = less input + more output**.