---
published: false
title: Japan
layout: post
---
+ overdelicious food: always fresh, surprisingly cheap, with fish as the ultimate commodity
+ fascinating combination of glimpses of the ancient times and Tokyo's modernity where life runs at a 300km/h speed.
+ Tokyo doesn't feel like it houses 35 million people. It's a collection of villages, with (relatively) big roads connecting these villages. But the village themselves mainly consists of narrow back lanes. 
+ Unseen level of consciousness amongst the Japanese people. Although it's incredibly hard to find bins in pubic spaces, you don't see any litter.

- Unwritten rules and omnipresent etiquette. For instance, you don't answer calls in the metro. 
- The rules are pretty strict, especially for cyclists in my experience. Listen to music while riding your bike and you'll get stopped. Sometimes they'll do random checks to see whether the bike you're riding is actually yours. And oh yes, you can't drink alcohol when riding a bicycle.
- Salarymen are all over the place. Stand in Tokyo's metro in the morning and you'll see a fleet of overworked zombies, dressed in black-and-white. At night, this zombie will find his way to the nearest izakaya to transform into a drunken night wolf. 

- Japan and its diversity problem. With an aging population (some numbers).

You'll discover a slightly xenophobe, hierarchical and conservative society. But on the other hand, a society full of social cohesion, politeness, sophistication and dedication excellence.